cmd: Updating description of <DVC_METRIC_Y> in plots (#1961)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/plots/index.md

37, 0.92302, 0.0299015
```

Hierarchical file formats such as JSON and YAML consists of an array of objects

> where each object should contain all fields that are required for the plot.

Reviewer: OK it's good that this is short again but this text doesn't seem to explain what we're trying to cover here (how to put plots data in hierarchical formats). In fact it sounds like we're suddenly describing what JSON and YAML files are in general.

For example, "contain all fields that are required for the plot" is implied, what we need to explain is how.

Reviewer: Things to summarize (from https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/pull/1961#pullrequestreview-540688242):

- json/yaml files shouodl contain an array of objects
- every object should have the same base structure
- X and Y fields should be part of that base structure
- extra elements will be ignored (not an error though)

Reviewer: Finishing this up in https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/pull/1961#pullrequestreview-555140849 below.

> Hierarchical file formats such as JSON and YAML consists of an array of objects
> where each object should contain all fields that are required for the plot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hierarchical file formats such as JSON and YAML consists of an array of
consistent objects (sharing a common structure): All objects should contain the
fields used for the X and Y axis of the plot (see
[DVC template anchors](#dvc-template-anchors)); Extra elements will be ignored
silently.
```

```

In hierarchical file formats (JSON or YAML), an array of consistent objects is
expected: every object should have the same structure. However, if an object has
extra elements, it won't affect the plot as long as
[fields specified](#dvc-template-anchors) for X and Y axis are present in all

> the objects.

Reviewer: > Update the text in the plots index to something like "array of consistent objects is expected: "

OK I see you did try that too...

> the objects.

Reviewer: OK we have all the info. in but this got too long and complex. Instead of just appending a bunch of conditions to the previous text ("array of consistent ... same structure"), which is incorrect, can we just rewrite it?

Author: Pushed new updates.

  `index` field (explained above) is the default.

- `<DVC_METRIC_Y>` (optional) - field name of the data for the Y axis. It can be

>   defined with the `-y` option of the `dvc plot` subcommands. t defaults to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  defined with the `-y` option of the `dvc plot` subcommands. It defaults to the
```

  last one found in the first row of the metrics file: the last column for

>   CSV/TSV, or the last field for JSON/YAML.

Reviewer: > It defaults to the last one found in the first row of the metrics file: the last column for CSV/TSV

Questions:

- What about CSV/TSV files that have a headers row though? Is it the last header from that first row, or some un-named column in case the first data row is longer than headers?
- What about CSV/TSV files without a headers row? See `dvc plots show --no-header`.

Reviewer: In any case,

> last one found in the first row of the metrics file

is too hard to read. Let's find a way to simplify that is correct even if it doesn't have all the implementation details, e.g. `last header found in the metrics file`.

Author: > What about CSV/TSV files that have a headers row though? Is it the last header from that first row, or some un-named column in case the first data row is longer than headers?

It will be last header from first row.

> What about CSV/TSV files without a headers row? See dvc plots show --no-header

Again it will be last value from first row. Suppose first row has 6 values. So in each row every 6th value will be used to generate the plot.

Reviewer: Sounds good, resolving this one.

- `<DVC_METRIC_Y>` (optional) - field name of the data for the Y axis. It can be

>   defined with the `-y` option of the `dvc plot` subcommands. The default is the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  defined with the `-y` option of the `dvc plot` subcommands. t defaults to the
```
